<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="reference_svg_nnr_lcc">
    <title>Moon landing conspiracies</title>
    <shortdesc>Moon landing conspiracy theories suggest that the Apollo missions that landed humans
        on the Moon were faked. </shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="section_m1s_xjc_mcc">
            <p/>
            <p>The following theories claim that the United States government staged the landings to
                gain political advantage or due to technological limitations. Here are the common
                claims.</p>
            <ul id="ul_t4w_bkc_mcc">
                <li>
                    <p><i>Photos and Videos</i>: Many claims focus on alleged anomalies in photos
                        and videos, such as the lack of stars, the way the flag appears to wave, or
                        shadows that seem inconsistent.</p>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <p><i>Lack of Technology</i>: Conspiracy theorists often argue that the
                        technology of the 1960s was insufficient to send humans to the Moon and
                        back.</p>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <p><i>Radiation Belts</i>: Some believe that astronauts would have been killed
                        by radiation passing through the Van Allen belts.</p>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <p><i>Government Cover-up</i>: A central theme is the idea of a vast conspiracy
                        involving thousands of people to keep the truth hidden.</p>
                </li>
            </ul>
            <p>It's important to note that these claims have been thoroughly debunked by scientists,
                engineers, and experts in various fields. The evidence supporting the Moon landings
                is overwhelming, and the conspiracy theories often rely on misunderstandings of
                science and technology.</p>
            <note id="note_x5v_gkc_mcc">
                <p>This content was sourced from GenAI.</p>
            </note>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>
