<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="task_dcd_ymr_lcc">
    <title>How do we locate moon water using radar?</title>
    <shortdesc>Ground-penetrating radar (GPR) is a powerful tool for detecting water on the
        Moon.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <prereq id="prereq_p4g_1dw_lcc"><i>Pre-requisite</i>: You need to send and receive radar
            radio waves from an orbiting spacecraft. </prereq>
        <context>
            <p><i>Context</i>: GPR works by sending radio waves into the lunar surface and analyzing
                the reflected signals. </p>
        </context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>The spacecraft transmitter sends radio radar waves to the lunar surface. </cmd>
                <info>These waves penetrate the surface to varying depths, depending on the material
                    they encounter. </info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>The spacecraft receiver monitors the radar reflections.</cmd>
                <info>When they hit a boundary between different materials, such as ice and
                    regolith, some of the energy is reflected back to the radar. The characteristics
                    of these signals, such as their strength and timing, provide clues about the
                    subsurface materials.</info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>The analysis systems on the spacecraft identify the significant reflections and
                    build a map of possible water locations. </cmd>
                <info>
                    <p>Significant reflection features include:</p>
                    <ul id="ul_i11_h2w_lcc">
                        <li>Water ice has a high dielectric constant, meaning it reflects radar
                            signals strongly. </li>
                        <li>The depth at which the signal is reflected can indicate the depth of the
                            ice layer. </li>
                    </ul>
                </info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>The analysis systems on the spacecraft transmit the raw data and the working
                    map back to Earth. </cmd>
            </step>
        </steps>
        <result id="result_c4z_m2w_lcc">
            <p>While radar is a valuable tool, it's often used in conjunction with other
                instruments, such as neutron spectrometers and infrared spectrometers, to confirm
                the presence of water.</p>
        </result>
        <example id="example_sh4_q2w_lcc">
            <p>This content was sourced from GenAI and <xref
                    href="https://science.nasa.gov/moon/moon-water-and-ices/" format="html"
                    scope="external">Water &amp; Ices on the Moon</xref>.</p>
        </example>
    </taskbody>
</task>
